Who the hell dares to run wild here?
Do you know whose territory this is?
What about Jiang Junkai?
Tell him to get out of here
Dare to call Eno by his first name
I see you don't want to live anymore
You don't even have eyes
Dare to come to me to be wild
You are a general fan
Did my sister-in-law ask before she came here?
Dare to offend my Master Jiang in Yuezhou City
What will happen?
Hit someone and chop this kid into meat for me
So small, there are two
All useless
Don't think you packed a few little basil
I would be afraid
Today I will let you taste my power
Who are you?
You don't deserve to know who I am
Say
Who gave your dog the courage to freeze the Shen family's account?
You are the trash picker from the Shen family
Go ahead and have some brains
Boy, I'm warning you
Behind me is something you can't afford to offend
Offended me
Light up the consequences
fuck
Unfreeze Shen Jiang's account, I can save your life
Otherwise, you can weigh the consequences yourself
Stop dreaming
The Shen family is fucking dead